How to start:
First of all, we are trying to make a comprehensive guide for all university students. Whether you are an aspirant that wants to get the best subject for you or you just want to know what new course you will be reding about the next semester. We will have it all. 

1st feature:
do you remember that catalogue?
Yes, the catalogue that everyone was given at the beginning of 1st semester.
In there, there are a couple of very important information.
And the main and most important information of all, is which courses you will take in which semester.
You must be wondering, ‘why is that the most important information?’
Well, simple really.
It may not be the greatest info for you, but for a student that is preparing to get into university but does not which department is the best for him, this is a goldmine of information.
Imagine being able to see and choose between all the courses that are in these universities. 
And then it shows which subject of a department is the perfect fit for you. 

******Show Image of a concept*******

It would be extremely useful for those students who are on the fence about which subject to choose.
This would automatically create a userbase of hundreds of thousands. 
But this is not all.
2nd feature:
How this can be greatly useful for BSc. students as well:

•	For the BSc. students, this would be useful by helping them plan for each semester. 
•	For each semester, there can be links to playlists for online courses that would make planning much easier.
•	There can be github or other places that contains notes for each and every course, these can also be added to each course.
•	For each university, every teacher and their public info can also be added to the roster.
•	Also, there can be ideas for every lab class and projects. 
•	There can be reminder and notifications for each task that can be set up.
•	With time, all this info will start building up to be something much more than the sum of it’s products.
This can be a comprehensive app that is part of every student’s life. 
This can be a tool for organizing, for information sharing, for selecting the path a student can take in their life.

3rd feature:
Navigating the idea of choosing the perfect university for Doing MSc. Or PhD. Can be frustrating and overwhelming.
In this case, we can add the basic ideas for how to choose the university, teacher, research and everything else.
We can add the public info of the teachers for easy navigation.
Research papers based on specific courses and subjects.
Various other things.
Even if adding everything is not possible, it would be possible to simply weed out the universities that the user is not eligible to join.
This would be a filtering system that can easily make the gargantuan number of universities, into a rather manageable number.
This would help make the process much less daunting and overwhelming.
At that point, mostly everyone knows what they are looking for. So this would just simply help them along in the process.
Also, there are sites that help navigate the massive numbers research papers published each day. Every time a paper released that is involved with the field that the user works with, the app can give them a notification.
There can also be notifications/reminders for task that the user set up to be reminded of.

This might seem like a massive undertaking, but the basic ideas in here are actually quite easy to implement. The structure is not that hard to build.
But the data dumping process is going to be the hard part and the maintenance would require a lot of manpower to make the idea into a truly great application.

 
